---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "curl2 Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Triggers HTTP(s) requests along with JSON body, authentication as well as custom headers
---

# curl2 Provider

Triggers HTTP(s) requests along with JSON body, authentication as well as custom headers

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    curl2 = {
      source = "mehulgohil/curl2"
      version = "1.6.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "curl2" {
  #  disable_tls = true
  #  timeout_ms = 500
  #  retry {
  #    retry_attempts = 5
  #    min_delay_ms = 5
  #    max_delay_ms = 10
  #  }

  #  azure_ad {
  #    client_id = "<AZURE_CLIENT_ID>"
  #    client_secret = "<AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET>"
  #    tenant_id = "<AZURE_TENANT_ID>"
  #  }

  #  auth0 {
  #    client_id = "<AUTH0_CLIENT_ID>"
  #    client_secret = "<AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET>"
  #    domain = "<AUTH0_DOMAIN>"
  #  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auth0` (Block, Optional) Auth0 Configuration which is required if you are using `curl2_auth0_token` data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth0))
- `azure_ad` (Block, Optional) Azure AD Configuration which is required if you are using `curl2_azuread_token` data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--azure_ad))
- `disable_tls` (Boolean) Use to disable the TLS verification. Defaults to false.
- `retry` (Block, Optional) Retry request configuration. By default there are no retries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--retry))
- `timeout_ms` (Number) Request Timeout in milliseconds. Defaults to 0, no timeout

<a id="nestedblock--auth0"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth0`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) Application's Client ID. You can also set is as ENV variable `AUTH0_CLIENT_ID`
- `client_secret` (String) Application's Client Secret. You can also set is as ENV variable `AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET`
- `domain` (String) Auth0 domain URL in the format `https://<your-tenant-name>.auth0.com`. You can also set is as ENV variable `AUTH0_DOMAIN`


<a id="nestedblock--azure_ad"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) Application ID of an Azure service principal. You can also set is as ENV variable `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`
- `client_secret` (String) Password of the Azure service principal. You can also set is as ENV variable `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`
- `tenant_id` (String) ID of the application's Azure AD tenant. You can also set is as ENV variable `AZURE_TENANT_ID`


<a id="nestedblock--retry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry`

Optional:

- `max_delay_ms` (Number) The maximum delay between retry requests in milliseconds.
- `min_delay_ms` (Number) The minimum delay between retry requests in milliseconds.
- `retry_attempts` (Number) The number of times the request is to be retried. For example, if 2 is specified, the request will be tried a maximum of 3 times.
